EchoLinkDapp/docs/source/eko_extension.rst, before:

EKO Extension
=============

EkoLink Extension takes the information of a webpage. It provides the image, ssl info and content of full web page and save these information to ekolink backend. You can find extension on chrome store.

How to use extension
--------------------

To use ekolink extension, add extension to your chrome browser and follow the instruction below.


Navigate on a web page and activate the extension by clicking on extension icon.

.. figure:: images/extension_icon.png
   :alt: echolink logo


Initial page - Get user info (user name) before capturing credential.

.. figure:: images/initial-page.png
   :alt: echolink extension initial page

If you click on capture credential button without input your name, it will give the error.


.. figure:: images/erroInputName.png
   :alt: echolink extension initial page

Input the name and then click on **Capture Credential** button.

If user is on other then http or https web page he will get error.

.. figure:: images/invalid_url.png

 On https/http web page

.. figure:: images/credential-info1.png
   :alt: credential-info

.. figure:: images/credential-info.png
   :alt: credential-info


After clicking on submit button will be disable and show status saving.


.. figure:: images/saving-process.png
   :alt: saving process

You will get Success message, after your credential successfully get submitted.

Commit message:

update Eko certificate verification doc

EchoLinkDapp/docs/source/eko_extension.rst, after:

Eko certificate verification
============================

Eko certificate verification is a chrome extension that takes the information of a webpage. It provides the image, ssl info and content of full web page and save these information to ekolink backend. You can find extension on chrome store (https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eko-certificate-verificat/ephfempcdgplbgmpoklbgcecdkdmdjaa?authuser=1).

How to use extension
--------------------

To use ekolink extension, download extension and add to your chrome browser and follow the instruction below.


Navigate on a web page and activate the extension by clicking on extension icon.

.. figure:: images/extension_icon.png
   :alt: echolink logo


Initial page - Get user info (user name) before capturing credential.

.. figure:: images/initial-page.png
   :alt: echolink extension initial page

If you click on capture credential button without input your name, it will give the error.


.. figure:: images/erroInputName.png
   :alt: echolink extension initial page

Input the name and then click on **Capture Credential** button.

If user is on other then http or https web page he will get error.

.. figure:: images/invalid_url.png

 On https/http web page

.. figure:: images/credential-info1.png
   :alt: credential-info

.. figure:: images/credential-info.png
   :alt: credential-info


After clicking on submit button will be disable and show status saving.


.. figure:: images/saving-process.png
   :alt: saving process

You will get Success message, after your credential successfully get submitted.
